,companyName,exchangeShortName,description,mktCap
PCT,"PureCycle Technologies, Inc.",NASDAQ,"PureCycle Technologies LLC produces recycled polypropylene. It uses a recycling process that separates color, odor, and contaminants from plastic waste feedstock into recycled polypropylene. Its recycling service converts waste plastic into virgin-like plastic. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Orlando, Florida.",2372796672
ASTS,"AST SpaceMobile, Inc.",NASDAQ,"New Providence Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company. The Company is formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company seeks to acquire and operate a business in the consumer industry. The Company has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues.",660070976
AEVA,"Aeva Technologies, Inc.",NYSE,"AEVA, INC. operates as a machine vision company engages in development of optical-based sensors for the automotive industry. It builds lidar, a laser guidance sensor that are expected to be a key component of self-driving vehicles. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Palo Alto, California.",2291684352
GOEV,Canoo Inc.,NASDAQ,"Canoo Inc., a mobility technology company, designs, engineers, develops, and manufactures electric vehicles for commercial and consumer markets in the United States. The company offers business-to-business (B2B) delivery vehicles, lifestyle vehicles, and sport vehicles using skateboard architecture technology. It intends to serve small businesses, independent contractors, service technicians, retailers, large corporations, logistics companies, fleet managers, and others. The company was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Torrance, California.",2139884032
OUST,"Ouster, Inc.",NYSE,"Ouster, Inc. develops multi-beam digital lidar sensors and software products for autonomous vehicles, drones, mapping, defense, robotics, industrials, building security, smart cities, virtual reality/augmented reality (VR/AR), and others. The company provides high-resolution lidar sensors for long, mid, and short range applications. The company sells its products through distributors. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in San Francisco, California.",1990972800
VIEW,"View, Inc.",NASDAQ,"View, Inc., a technology company, provides smart windows. Its smart windows use artificial intelligence to automatically adjust in response to the sun and increase access to natural light to enhance people's health and experience in buildings. The company is headquartered in Milpitas, California.",1573808128
XL,XL Fleet Corp.,NYSE,,1008670784
RMO,"Romeo Power, Inc.",NYSE,"Romeo Power, Inc., an energy storage technology company, designs and manufactures lithium-ion battery modules and packs for commercial electric vehicles in North America. The company operates through two segments, Romeo Power North America and Joint Venture Support. It also offers battery management systems; and design, research and development, and other engineering related services. Romeo Power, Inc. was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Vernon, California.",982665472
EOSE,"Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc.",NYSE,"Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc. produces and sells zinc battery storage systems. The company offers its energy storage solutions for utility, commercial and industrial, and renewable energy markets. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Edison, New Jersey.",929315328
ZEV,"Lightning eMotors, Inc.",NYSE,"GigCapital3, Inc. intends to enter into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or related business combination with one or more businesses. It focuses on the technology, media, and telecommunications industries. The company was founded in 2020 and is based in Palo Alto, California.",558010304
ASLE,AerSale Corporation,NASDAQ,"AerSale Inc. supplies aftermarket aircraft, engines, components, and OEM materials. It is engaged in the sale and lease of mid-life aftermarket aviation flight equipment; and sale, lease, and exchange of engines. The company also sells airframe materials, including avionics, nacelles, flight controls, rotables, landing gears, safety equipment, APUs, QEC/EBU, and interiors; and engine materials. In addition, it offers spares exchange, spares lease programs, and on-site inventory support services; long-term aircraft storage services; and flight equipment acquisition services, supply chain solutions, government programs, and asset management services. AerSale Inc. serves passenger and cargo airlines, government entities, military forces, leasing companies, multinational OEMs, and independent MROs. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in Coral Gables, Florida with sales offices, warehouses, and distribution centers worldwide. It has regional offices in Cardiff, United Kingdom; and Singapore.",522692992
ADN,"Advent Technologies Holdings, Inc.",NASDAQ,"AMCI Acquisition Corp is a blank check company. The Company is formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The Company seeks to focus on global natural resource companies and related infrastructure, value chain and logistics businesses.",408700256
ARRY,"Array Technologies, Inc.",NASDAQ,"Array Technologies, Inc. manufactures and supplies solar tracking systems and related products for customers in the United States and internationally. Its products include DuraTrack HZ v3, a single-axis solar tracking system; and SmarTrack, a machine learning software that is used to identify the optimal position for a solar array in real time to increase energy production. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.",2021744512
CRCT,"Cricut, Inc.",NASDAQ,"Cricut, Inc. designs and markets a creativity platform that enables users to turn ideas into professional-looking handmade goods in the United States, Europe, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Connected Machines, Subscriptions, and Accessories and Materials. The company provides connected machines, design apps, and accessories and materials for users to create personalized birthday cards, mugs, T-shirts, and large-scale interior decorations under the Cricut brand. It offers Cricut Joy, a cutting and writing machine to personalize, organize, and customize kitchen, office, school, celebration, and idea projects; Cricut Maker, a cutting machine that handles fabrics, leather, paper, and balsa wood; Cricut Explore, a cutting machine for DIY projects; Cricut EasyPress 2, a machine that delivers heat transfers on baby bodysuits, big-time jerseys, and banners; Cricut EasyPress Mini, a heat transfer machine for curved surfaces, as well as hard-to-reach spots between seams and buttons. The company also provides Infusible Ink, a heat transfer system that permanently infused into base material, as well as accessories and materials, such as knifes, blade changing systems, cutting rulers and self-healing mats, hand tools, crafting materials, and cases. It serves customers through its online store. Cricut, Inc. was formerly known as Provo Craft & Novelty, Inc. and changed its name to Cricut, Inc. in March 2018. The company was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in South Jordan, Utah.",7443297792
KRT,Karat Packaging Inc.,NASDAQ,"Karat Packaging Inc. manufactures and distributes single-use disposable products in plastic, paper, biopolymer-based and other compostable forms primarily used in restaurants and foodservice areas. It offers food and take-out containers, bags, tableware, cups, lids, cutlery, and straws under the Karat and Karat Earth names. The company offers its products to domestic and regional distributors, restaurant chains, retail establishments, and online customers. It also provides new product development, design, printing, and logistics services. Karat Packaging Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Chino, California.",401088320
EZGO,EZGO Technologies Ltd.,NASDAQ,"EZGO Technologies Ltd., through its subsidiaries, engages in the trading, sale, and rental of lithium batteries in the People's Republic of China. It also engages in the design, manufacture, rental, and sale of e-bicycles and e-tricycles; and sale, franchising, and operation of smart charging piles for e-bicycles and other electronic devices. The company offers its e-bicycles and e-tricycles under the Dilang and Cenbird brand name; and smart charging piles under the Hengdian brand name. It also sells battery packs and cells. The company was formerly known as EZGO IOT Tech & Services Co., Ltd. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Changzhou, China.",47311176
VIAO,VIA optronics AG,NYSE,"VIA optronics AG, through its subsidiary, VIA optronics GmbH, provides display solutions and systems worldwide. It offers interactive display solutions and systems that combine system design, interactive displays, software, and other hardware components; and optical bonding solutions for various displays and touch panels. The company also provides camera solutions and systems. It serves automotive, consumer electronics, industrial, and specialized end markets. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Nuremberg, Germany. VIA optronics AG is a subsidiary of Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.",255078416
UTME,"United Time Technology Co., Ltd.",NASDAQ,"United Time Technology Co., Ltd., through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells mobile phones, accessories, and related consumer electronics. The company also provides electronics manufacturing services, including original equipment manufacturer and original design manufacturer services. It sells its products under the UTime and Do brand names in South America, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Africa. United Time Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, China. United Time Technology Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Nollec Wireless Company, Ltd.",92764608
